Content(Hai): add optical jammers and put them on recent/military ships (#8014)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai outfits.txt

outfit "Hai Cuttlefish Jammer"
	category "Systems"
	cost 260000
	thumbnail "outfit/hai jammer"
	"mass" 10
	"outfit space" -7

> 	"optical jamming" 20

Author: human radars suck so much nobody uses them ever I don't think there even is a discussion about the fact they suck yeah
I think they should be massively buffed

also do take into account these jammers take more mass and actively take energy all the time so they ought to be better

> 	"optical jamming" 20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"optical jamming" 14
```

	"energy consumption" .8

> 	description "When the Hai first started fighting each others there quickly was a need for a counter to trackers. The Cuttlefish Jammer will notably disturb the tracker's lock to the ship, by presenting it with a seemingly better target. This jammer is mostly needed for larger ships, that often cannot field enough anti-missiles to effectively counter trackers."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "When the Hai first started fighting each other, the need for a counter to trackers quickly became apparent. The Cuttlefish Jammer can noticebly disturb a tracker's lock to the ship by presenting it with a seemingly better, albeit illusory, target. This jammer is most effective on larger ships that cannot field enough anti-missiles to effectively counter them from all directions."
```
I feel like we could have a better opener here if it were more specific. @MasterOfGrey do we have the initiation of ongoing conflict with the Unfettered mapped out? At least in terms of when/who fighting started?

> 	description "When the Hai first started fighting each other, the need for a counter to trackers quickly became apparent. The Cuttlefish Jammer can noticebly disturb a tracker's lock to the ship by presenting it with a seemingly better, albeit illusory, target. This jammer is most effective on larger ships that cannot field enough anti-missiles to effectively counter them from all directions."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "When the Hai first started fighting each other, the need for a counter to Trackers quickly became apparent. The Cuttlefish Jammer can noticeably disturb a Tracker's lock to the ship by presenting it with a seemingly better, albeit illusory, target. This jammer is most effective on larger ships that cannot field enough anti-missiles to effectively counter missiles from all directions."
```

outfit "Hai Octopus Jammer"
	category "Systems"
	cost 350000
	thumbnail "outfit/hai jammer overclocked"
	"mass" 10
	"outfit space" -7

> 	"optical jamming" 26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"optical jamming" 21
```

	"energy consumption" 1.2

> 	description "The Octopus Jammer is a more aggressive version of the Cuttlefish Jammer, intended for short raidings by the Unfettered. It is able to jam trackers more but at a much higher energy cost, meaning it makes them even more vulnerable to ion weaponry than usual jammers do."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "The Octopus Jammer is a more aggressive adaptation of the Cuttlefish Jammer, intended for short raids by the Unfettered. With several safety circuits bypassed, it is able to more effectively deceive incoming trackers more, but the much higher associated energy cost makes any ship carrying this even more vulnerable to ion weaponry."
```

> 	description "The Octopus Jammer is a more aggressive adaptation of the Cuttlefish Jammer, intended for short raids by the Unfettered. With several safety circuits bypassed, it is able to more effectively deceive incoming trackers, but the much higher associated energy cost makes any ship carrying this even more vulnerable to ion weaponry."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "The Octopus Jammer is a more aggressive adaptation of the Cuttlefish Jammer, intended for short raids by the Unfettered. With several safety circuits bypassed, it is able to more effectively deceive incoming Trackers, but the much higher associated energy cost makes any ship carrying this even more vulnerable to ion weaponry."
```
